CCM-4956: Added supplierStatus information to GET message status endpoint documentation (#606)
NHSDigital/communications-manager-api: specification/documentation/GetMessage.md

* `type` - the channel type
* `channelStatus` - the status of that channel
* `channelStatusDescription` - the channel status description

> * `supplierStatus` - the status of the message within that channel

Author: Done

* `delivered` - the channel has delivered the message
* `failed` - the channel has failed to deliver the message

> Each channel can have one of the following supplier statuses:

Reviewer: We probably want to be explicit in saying these supplier statuses are specific to the NHSAPP channel

Reviewer: Originally I think we said we'd have a section specifically for `Supplier Statuses` like we have for `Message Statuses` further down

* `delivered` - the message has been successfully delivered to the user
* `read` - a user has read the message

> * `notification_attempted` - a push notification is reported as having been sent to one or more device, but does not indicate whether the notifcation was received or displayed 

Reviewer 2: "device" should be plural, and a typo on "notification"
```suggestion
* `notification_attempted` - a push notification is reported as having been sent to one or more devices, but does not indicate whether the notification was received or displayed 
```

* `unnotified` - it has been determined that a push notification has not been successfully relayed to any devices
* `rejected` - the request to send the communication was rejected by the supplier
* `notified` - a push notification is reported as having been successfully relayed to one or more devices

> * `received` - request has been received by the supplier and is queued to be processed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `received` - the request has been received by the supplier and is queued to be processed
```

> * `unknown` - notify was unable to correctly determine the supplier status

Reviewer: `unknown - NHS notify was unable...`

Author: Done
